DOCS-9403 Partner Manager Editing (#88)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/cloudhub-deploy-options-edit.adoc

= CloudHub Deployment Settings

> If you are deploying Partner Manager applications to CloudHub, use the Partner Manager Settings to specify CloudHub deployment options for the Sandbox and Production environments, including the Mule runtime engine (Mule) version, CloudHub region, Anypoint MQ region, and so on. 

Reviewer: Is Partner Manager Settings or Settings a UI label? If so, format as such; if not...why is Settings capitalized? And it should not be preceded by "the" unless the proper noun is followed by a common noun object.

Reviewer: Also, our Term Presentation List lowercases environment names such as sandbox and production.

> == Mule Version

Reviewer: Would it be more precise to make this
```suggestion
== Mule Version Specification
```
Or
```suggestion
== Mule Version Setting
```

Reviewer: DITTO for the peer subtopic titles that follow; I have not made similar suggestions for them.

Reviewer: Also, well into this edit I realized that I have not been suggesting that each of these subtopics include the user motivation for making or changing a particular setting: WHY does the audience want or need to do these things? Consider adding this to each topic, as you see fit.

> You can specify the Mule version to use to deploy your application in the *Runtime version* drop-down. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the Mule version to use to deploy your application in the *Runtime version* drop-down menu. 
```

> The default and recommended option is *Use latest version*, which deploys new Partner Manager message flows using the latest Mule version. 

Reviewer: We are working to avoid "recommend" language in favor of the assumption that what we tell them in Mule doc is what MuleSoft recommends: just "do this," in most cases. See style ref.
```suggestion
The default is *Use latest version*, which deploys new Partner Manager message flows using the latest Mule version. 
```

> If you want to deploy Partner Manager applications to a specific Mule version, you can select it from the drop-down list. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, deploy Partner Manager applications to a specific Mule version by selecting that version from the drop-down list. 
```

== CloudHub Region

> The default CloudHub region is retrieved from the business group’s Runtime Manager region setting in Access Manager.

Reviewer: "automatically retrieved"?

> If you want to deploy the B2B integration flows from Partner Manager to a different region, select it from the *CloudHub Region* drop-down list before you deploy your first message flow. The CloudHub region you specify for the first deployment becomes the default setting for subsequent deployments.

Reviewer: A bit more direct, up to you (as always):
```suggestion
To deploy the B2B integration flows from Partner Manager to a different region, select that region from the *CloudHub Region* drop-down list before you deploy your first message flow. The CloudHub region you specify for the first deployment becomes the default setting for subsequent deployments.
```
Okay, dumb product question: if we recommend a default, I can see allowing users to change it, but for it to become the new default sounds a bit odd to me....

> === Change the Default CloudHub Region

Reviewer: Is this task necessary given the previous paragraph?

To change the default CloudHub region:

. Undeploy message flows that are deployed to the currently specified CloudHub region. 
. Redeploy the message flows after you specify a new default region.

> For more information about undeploying message flows, see xref:configure-message-flows.adoc[Configure Message Flows].

Reviewer: So, I just had a long convo with Mysti about xrefs, and she convinced me that providing a title without a link doesn't really help the audience at all. SO...what I am editing for now is...:

Is the xref NICE to know or NEED to know?
If NICE to know, omit the xref from narrative but consider putting it in See Also.
If NEED to know, reevaluate your narrative: is this a prereq? a separate, accompanying topic? Avoid sending your audience off to another location unless it cannot proceed with the current narrative without the action or knowledge in the NEEDED xref...which should then be a link, if reorganization is not an option.

== Anypoint MQ Region

This is automatically assigned, based on the specified CloudHub region; you cannot change it.

== Automatically Restart the App

> Select the *Automatically restart app when not responding* checkbox if you want CloudHub to automatically restart your application when the monitoring system discovers an issue.

Reviewer: To make wording parallel to previous subtopics:
```suggestion
To have CloudHub automatically restart your application when the monitoring system discovers an issue, select the *Automatically restart app when not responding* checkbox.
```

> == vCore settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== vCore Settings
```

> Configure the following vCore settings for the Sandbox and Production environments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the following vCore settings for the sandbox and production environments:
```

* *Each B2B endpoint (inbound, outbound, and ack)* +

> Each unique trading partner and internal endpoint gets deployed to isolated workers, and require a minimum of *0.1 vCore* each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each unique trading partner and internal endpoint is deployed to isolated workers, requiring a minimum of *0.1 vCore* each.
```

* *B2B DocumentProcessingService* +

> Core component of the Partner Manager workflow that requires a minimum of *1 vCore*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This core component of the Partner Manager workflow requires a minimum of *1 vCore*.
```

* *B2B APIReplicationService* +

> Core component of the Partner Manager workflow that requires a minimum of *1 vCore*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This core component of the Partner Manager workflow requires a minimum of *1 vCore*.
```

> If you need assistance with sizing, contact your MuleSoft account representative.

Reviewer: More direct opt:
```suggestion
For assistance with sizing, contact your MuleSoft account representative.
```

== Access Partner Manager Settings

> To access the deployment settings for your organization:

Reviewer: WHY? To what purpose, or under what conditions, does your audience want or need to do this? (ditto all above)
